Hi, everyone, in this lecture, we are going to create the ORENDER question function.
Arri, But before going there, we need some necessary we need to create some necessary variables,
think of them as state management and JavaScript because we are going to create those here and then
we will be changing their values throughout this entire application.
There are going to be a lot there are going to be like a few, not a lot.
Of course, the first variable that I want to create here is going to be our last question.
I need to get the last question.
The reason for that is whenever the last question is loaded, we are going to whenever the last whenever
we are on the last question we want after that, right after that, we want to show our score container.
All right.
So the last question is going to be our questions.
Array Dotts length minus one.
Right.
So this is going to be our very, very last question, because the length that array questions, the
length is going to return 10, 10, minus one is going to be nine.
And keep in mind, nine is the index of the last item inside an array.
So we are we are accessing the index.
The next a variable that I want to create is going to be our active question.
Now, what is the active question?
Initially, I'm going to set it to zero.
The active question is the question that the user is currently answering or is the question that the
user is actively answering.
So if the user is answering question number five, question number five is going to be the active question.
Right.
And finally, I want our account to be zero.
OK, so I want the count to be initially zero.
OK, so I'm going to come down here and right in here, I'm going to create a comment and I'm going
to call it, I'm going to write, render question, question function now render question is going to
show or display a question on the page.
Right.
So we have created our questions and answers, all of that, but we need to display them on the page
as well.
So let's save it and let's check out our changes.
So far, we don't see anything.
The start button is not functional, which we are going to make it functional, of course.
So I'm going to say function, render question.
There is not going to be any parameter in here.
I'm going to create another variable called Q Right.
And this Q is going to grab our questions array and from there it is going to grab the active question.
Right.
So the active question is actually zero at first.
So if I passan zero here, it is going to grab the questions array and the item that has an index of
zero.
So which item does have an index of zero.
It is the first item inside an array.
Thus it is going to load the first question.
Right.
Then we are going to grab our question, right?
We are going to grab the question and we are going to say inner HTML.
So what is going to be the question?
So the question has already been specified right here.
Why and why am I keep going?
Why do I keep going up?
So this is the question.
So the questions LRH demand, the reason that we use our e-mail over in Urtext is whenever we want to
create an HTML element, we are going to use NAHB, HTML.
All right, so this entire e-mail is going to create for us an element with a starting tag, one with
an ending tag.
So the starting tag is going to be a paragraph, then we are going to add it.
We are going to add our Q dot question.
All right.
Whichever question is the correct question.
And then we are going to.
Close this element.
All right, so we know this.
Q The Q has a value of whatever item that has an index, which is equal to our active question.
Right.
So what?
Why don't I go ahead and cancel the log, the Q for you.
So you really understand what it what exactly it is that we are driving.
So if I see not there like console and let's call this function down here, so I'm going to say render
function and render a render question.
That was a tongue twister.
And we can see we get our very, very first question and it says, how many different sounds can a cat
make?
Why do we get the first question?
Because the active question value is zero and therefore zero here.
The item, the array item that has an index of zero is the first question.
And the first question is going to be stored inside this queue.
And we are going to consult a long queue and it is going to give us that.
Now, let's go ahead and let's consider Law Coudert question.
And I'm going to go back to active question, let's say Khuda Welney and and and in this way, we should
be able to get the text for that question.
Yes, we do get it.
This is the first question.
And when we do get the text, we want it to be inside a paragraph so we can show it on the page.
That's why we sent an e-mail.
So inside here is going to be the text and then we are going to add a starting tag and an ending tag.
And this is going to become a valid HTML element, which is dynamically created through JavaScript.
All right, now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab our answer, chose a from which we have
created right here and I'm going to say dot enter e-mail because we are creating these elements dynamically
and we are going to say the value should be que no que has the que variable has access to the questions
array.
We know that.
But what is the answer choice.
A what should that be.
It is the choice itself.
So we are going to say that choice and we are going to create three more.
So answer Choice B as choice B, answer choice C is going to be Cuidad, answer choice C.
And OK, this is not answer choice.
This is just a choice, so let's grab the answer to remove it.
This is you know what?
I'm just going to do it again.
So kudos, Dot.
OK, decis.
Here it is.
This is a choice, A, B, C, D.
So this is going to be let's grab both of them.
Turn them to be.
Let's grab both of them.
OK, so this is Chaussy, and this should be see, I hope you're not getting confused and this is basically
what we have done is we have selected our elements from our HTML here.
And the value for those, the original of those is going to come from this questions array, depending
on which answer choice they are.
So if if that is the answer to say the value for that is going to come the enriched HTML, the element
for that is going to come from choice A and B and so on and so forth.
And finally, what I want to do here is I want to grab our body and this is where we change the image.
So I'm going to say body image.
It should be equal to the path of where that image is.
So because I'm going to use a template or a template literal, we are going to use tactics.
Now, let's add our usual see ACSU URL.
And inside here we are going to pass in our path.
But the path I'm not going to add it.
I'm not going to hardcoded because if I just go ahead and if I say like it is inside the images folder
and it is the image one that jpg.
If I do this, all of the all of the questions, then they are going to have the same background image.
And this is not something that we want.
We want the background image to change based on the question that we have.
That's why we have added the question image for each of those specific questions.
So each question has a specific background image and we want that specific background image to be shown.
So we are going to access it through this question image.
And it is very simple.
We are going to use our template literal right here and we are going to say cu dot because we are accessing
the value of a very variable.
The best way to do that is using a template, literal or template strength.
This is a classic syntax and this way we have access to that image.
We can and after we access that image, we are going to say document dot body.
This is how we can select the body element of an e-mail and we are going to say style dot background,
very waras background image right there.
And we are going to set it to body image.
All right, so at this point, I don't think that it does show.
So it shows the first image because we are inserting the the active question is the first question.
If I change the value of the active question to one, we are going to see the second image.
If I change the value of the active question to five, we are going to see the fifth image, which is
this bird.
So what we are going to do as this active question is going to be the value that we will be increasing
throughout this this entire series.
All right.
So but before going forward, what I want I want to do here is whenever we rendered this function,
I want to grab our start button because at this point we can see the star and I don't want to see it.
So I want to grab the start button and I'm going to say style dot display.
Should be equal to no, honey, I want to remove it, right, so now the start button is removed and
I want to I want to do what I want to do.
One more thing.
I want to grab a request that style dot visibility.
And I'm sure you guys remember that, that the quizes visible, the visibility has been set to Hedin.
Where is the question?
Yeah, it is hidden.
Now, what I want to do is I want to unhide it, unhidden it.
I want to make it visible.
So we are going to set it whenever we set visibility to head in.
What is the other value?
I'm sure you know this.
The other value is visible.
And now we will be able to see everything here, so let's decrease the width of this, we can see our
question, we can see our answer choices, this progress.
This time we don't see anything else because they are dynamic elements.
So whenever we run our we run the render function, we do all that.
But we we don't have any way of doing it dynamically.
So whenever we click on the start button, we want all of these two to be shown that we are going to
be doing you know, we're following in.
Let's see you guys then.